README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/dojo-brno/dojo-brno.github.io/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/dojo-brno/dojo-brno.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Add basic information about the community

README.md, after:

## About us

We are an **open community** of computer programming enthusiasts, including
professional programmers and students.

We believe that learning computer programming is a continuous process that
involves **deliberate practice** and gradually pushing ourselves into mastering
new skills.

There are also important social skills involved, like **team work** and
**communication**.

In a coding dojo meeting, we work as a self-organized group to learn and share
knowledge by following certain principles and practices. For example:

- collective problem solving
- Test-Driven Development
- pair programming
- baby steps
- code refactoring
- and others...

We also keep everybody in the loop, making the environment inclusive and
welcoming for people with all sorts of background. It is a collaborative
community, not a competition.

All that happens while we solve computer programming exercises (called "katas")
in a programming language of our choice.

Join us to improve your coding skills, meet new people, learn more about
automated testing and TDD and to share your knowledge with the community.
